= Solr Feeder

Little script to feed documents to Solr from a set of files.

== Example

   require 'solr-feeder'
   require 'hpricot'

   SolrFeeder(ARGV) do |filepath|

     xml = open(filepath) { |f| Hpricot.XML(f) }

     # id and url
     id = xml.search('ARTICLE/ARTICLEURL').first.to_plain_text
     add_field 'id', id

     add_field 'text', xml.search('ARTICLE/BODY').first.to_plain_text
     add_field 'title', xml.search('ARTICLE/HEADLINE').first.to_plain_text

   end

Save this as articles.rb and call with these arguments:
   ruby articles.rb --dir /path/to/files --core test --port 8983 --host localhost

This will process all files from dir and send them to the 'test' core of the Solr instance
running on localhost:8983.

Each file will be processed by the block in articles.rb. The files can be whatever you like
since you control the parsing of those files.

A commit to Solr is sent when all files are processed. You can also choose to send a commit
at a specified interval of documents.

Within the block, you have access to an +add_field+ method which allows to add a field to the document
that will be sent to Solr. The first parameter to +add_field+ is the name of the field.
The second one is the value for this field. For now, it must be a String.

There is also an +add_param+ method available to pass extra parameters to Solr.

If you wanna prevent a file to be sent to Solr, just don't make any call to the +add_field+ method
in the block and that file will be skipped.

   SolrFeeder(ARGV) do |filepath|
      next if filepath =~ /\.pdf$/

      # Processing for other files...
   end

In the previous example, all files ending with .pdf will be skipped because no call to +add_field+
were made for them.

SolrFeeder can also handle tar.gz (and tgz) archives. You need to pass the --archives options and each
archive encountered will be extracted and processed. Note that if you do not activate the --recursive
switch while using --archives, only the files at the root of the archive will be processed.

== Command-line options
[+dir+] Directory where the files to process are. Mandatory
[+core+ _CORE_] Solr core to use. Mandatory
[+host+ _HOST_] Solr host to connect to. Default to 'localhost'
[+port+ _PORT_] Solr port on host. Default to '8983'
[+recursive+] Process files in sub directories. Default off
[+archives+] Process files in tar.gz and tgz archives. Default off
[+max+ _NUM_] Max files to process from dir. Optional
[+commit+ _NUM_] Send a commit at each nth file. Optional
[+help+] Show usage information.

== Installation

Clone this repository and install the gem.

   git clone git@github.com:pascaldimassimo/solr-feeder.git
   cd solr-feeder
   rake install

== Requirements
* rsolr
